Demographic data included age and sex. Clinical data included birth history, the presence of siblings, the presence of underlying medical conditions, duration of fever and hospitalization, presenting symptoms on admission, final diagnosis on discharge, and severity of the ADV infection. Fever was defined when the tympanic membrane temperature was ≥38.0 ºC. Among presenting symptoms, respiratory symptoms included cough, rhinorrhea, sputum, nasal stuffiness and dyspnea, and gastrointestinal symptoms included vomiting, diarrhea and abdominal pain. Ophthalmologic symptoms included conjunctival injection, ocular pruritus, ocular pain and eye discharges. Neurologic symptoms included dizziness, headache and seizure-like motion, and dermatologic symptoms included various types of skin rashes. The ADV infection was considered severe in cases where oxygen therapy was given; the demand for oxygen increased in a child who had already received oxygen therapy; a child was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU); or a child died due to the ADV infection. On admission, blood tests were performed to assess total and differential white blood cell counts and platelet counts. In addition, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP), aspartate transaminase, and alanine transaminase levels were also assessed at admission. Demographic, clinical, and laboratory parameters were compared between the two children groups. This study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of Seoul St. Mary’s Hospital (Approval No.: KC15RISI0767). Informed consent was waived for this study. Extracted from the selected studies included the first author’s name, publication date, country, dates of recruitment, ethnicity, total sample size (divided to males and females), age, prevalence of symptoms (including fever, shortness of breath, sore throat, cough and Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II, APACHEII) and percentage of comorbidities at the time of presentation (including obesity, immunosuppression or HIV and heart conditions such as hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and/or coronary arterial diseases) Region subgroup analysis for MERS-CoV was not doable since all the identified studies were conducted on Saudi populations, with one study of pooled analysis where region/country designation was not possible. The primary outcome measure was to evaluate the prevalence of diabetes in H1N1 and MERS-CoV cases. The meta-analysis of proportions (and 95% CIs) was calculated for the identified studies. test was employed to compare the prevalence of clinical symptoms and comorbidities between the two diseases as these conditions were not normally distributed. To assess whether there is true heterogeneity among the selected studies and that all the studies are evaluating the same effect. test only informs about the presence versus the absence of heterogeneity and does not report on the extent of such heterogeneity. Therefore, we calculated the I2 index to complement the Q test and quantify the degree of heterogeneity among studies.50 Given the poor power of Q test to detect true heterogeneity among a small number of studies, we also quantified the true heterogeneity by estimating the between-study variance in the random-effects model (τ2), as previously described.51 P<0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. Forest plots were used to illustrate the prevalence of diabetes in H1N1 and MERS-CoV severity from the selected studies and to inspect the heterogeneity of the individual findings.